well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about music and how it captures a point
in history sometimes a moment and time
better than anything the sad part about
this phenomenon is that a lot of times
the songs we don't really get to hear
him until 10 years or 20 years later
because the the songwriter they wrote
about what they saw around him and it
was something they were passionate about
it wasn't really for an audience so
people didn't get to hear it until much
much later this is something that
happened several times throughout
history and the idea that a moment can
capture a point in time like that it's
played out in every movie about the past
ever you know if if you believed movies
you would think that every Huey in
Vietnam was blasting ccr the entire time
because those songs connect us to that
period in time and they capture the
moment so there's a song that I heard
recently and I think it is very fitting
it could be the theme of 2020 from where
I'm standing so we're gonna listen to it
you're about to hear Tom Burton perform
his song I bet you can hear us now
[Music]
the ground
ain't gonna take any more we pray may
proceed is their actions and reduce the
power is what they preserve the grateful
bad apples held holy his chapels are
killing the people eater lightning
aggression it seems their obsession and
killing people the day to cook up some
speak up unions and Saint gonna take
[Music]